and good to all guys we are again
here in the hot spots in then
is in each zone its location and we are going to
I always give you the one who is with me
helping in this I asked them and they
I loved
in this map of drones is a little bit
messy and especially for those who are born
for the hot spot it is much worse
for those born on this side of
state of the camera where you see here if
we are born here it is much worse
to see where he is born hartón if it is born in the
good side on the bad side is worth this is
the good side
this with extreme conditions
to arrive much earlier point
from the other side and since the point
born in the middle there is in this big house
what do you see and that and there is going to
predominate will matter a lot
blinding grenades that in the case of the
lvbp only worth blinding pomegranates
they are going to matter a lot and also short
distance in the hall and long
distance from casita casita
to see people here in leagues mode
change a lot with you and in bet and things
and to delay
to the people to the opponents
and the second one point here I think only
there are four points I think it is in all
the games there are only four points and in
this point does have to defend very
ok since you can come by the house
from the left here in or through
down here
or here going up the
electricians but it does not matter much anymore
that if you have good defenders good
good people who defend well that
shoot well it goes great
and we are going for the third point you see
that is fast is going very fast since
it's 30 seconds that I've put in
normal theory is a minute
so tell a minute nothing more than
catches and already apted in telling one of
likes fellow if you play in challenge
the vp
go to the next point in about 10
seconds and there are ten seconds tell
one gets to the next point of
advance you go and you get those points
that can give you the victory
this is the last point that in this
I do not like to defend it because here
Well, if you defend it well, it's pretty
difficult to capture especially in league mode
that we believe that people champion here and that
flips
here as you can see, there are not many areas
defend himself but he does defend says this is
great, good , the next one is over
points again there in the middle there
above
and I hope that it worked for you
liked and has served you to continue
playing good to play and continue when
in the vp chao and bored subscribe if
you want more people chats